Cumulus 1563 doc updates from IWG (#1378)
nasa/cumulus: docs/deployment/README.md

#### Install Terraform

> It is recommended to keep a consistent version of Terraform as you deploy. Once your state files are migrated to a higher version, they are not always backwards compatible so integrators should pin their Terraform version. This is easily accomplished using the Terraform Version Manager [tfenv](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv).

Reviewer: We should probably combine the line 77 with this paragraph? Or update the note on line 77 to match the recommendation here of keeping your Terraform version consistent across all machines using tfenv

https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/1378/files#diff-d62df7ce64b0930247dc52b3a8251832R77

Author: Updated.

If you are using a Mac and [Homebrew](https://brew.sh), installing tfenv is
as simple as:

```shell
brew update
brew install tfenv
```

For other cases,
[installation instructions](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv#installation)
are available.

```shell
$ tfenv install 0.12.12

> [INFO] Installing Terraform v0.12.13

Author: haha no i had to install a new version to get the output.

> [INFO] Installing Terraform v0.12.13

Author: Nice catch btw. I fixed it. Thanks for calling that out.

...
[INFO] Switching completed

$ tfenv use 0.12.12
[INFO] Switching to v0.12.12
...
[INFO] Switching completed
```

> It is recommended to stay on the Cumulus Core TF version which can be found [here](https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/blob/master/example/.tfversion). Any changes to that will be noted in the release notes.

Reviewer: We can probably remove lines 70 - 75 with these new instructions to use tfenv?

Author: I left some of it because I think it's more clear to see what version you're _actually_ using with the `terraform` command. You can do it with `tfenv`, but it lists all your versions and puts a star next to one.

#### Install Terraform

> It is recommended to keep a consistent version of Terraform as you deploy. Once your state files are migrated to a higher version, they are not always backwards compatible so integrators should pin their Terraform version. This is easily accomplished using the Terraform Version Manager [tfenv](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv). If you have a CI environment (or any other machine) that you are using to deploy, **make sure that your local Terraform version is at least equal to the version on CI**, otherwise you will run into errors trying to re-deploy from your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to keep a consistent version of Terraform as you deploy. Once your state files are migrated to a higher version, they are not always backwards compatible so integrators should pin their Terraform version. This is easily accomplished using the Terraform Version Manager [tfenv](https://github.com/tfutils/tfenv). If you have a CI environment (or any other machine) that you are using to deploy the same stack, **you should pin your version across those machines as well*, otherwise you will run into errors trying to re-deploy from your local machine.
```

It seemed like making the advice consistent to always use pinning was more clear
